# Milestone 1: Stranger Things Light Wall
For the first milestone, there were multiple goals.  The primary objective was the ability to store and transmit a message through the UART communication pins.  In this case, the messages stored and transmitted were numerical values that controlled the color and brightness of an RGB LED.  Since each board both stores and transmitts data, multiple boards were able to hook together and create a string of RGB LEDs connected to different boards, outputting individual colors, only connected by the UART pins.

## Thought Process/Explanation
Due to lack of understanding of UART, the first issue tackled was how the colors and brightness of each RGB LED was controlled.  Since the previous lab dealt with the use of PWMs, the use of PWMs seemed functional in controlling each LED in the RGB LED's brightness.  This was set up by using the total clock cycle of SMCLK as the overload or total period of the PWM and each of the capture/compare registers to control each  duty cycle or LED's brightness.  Once all of the math worked out, we were able to insert a value from 0-255 for each LED and output an expected color.  Since the PWM period was very slow (used the entire clock cycle as the period), you could see the RBG LED blink.  To fix this, the original 1 MHz clock was increased to 8 MHz. Once the hardware portion was completed, the UART communication portion was tackled.  Once the proper UART Interrupt Vector name, and RX and TX variable names were discovered, the instruction from the lab worked themselves out.  The first bit carried would be the size of the message with the following three bits being the red, green and blue values for the first LED.  Depending on the size of the message, the next bit in the series would be the end bit (0x0D) or it would another three bits signifying the intensity of the three nodes in the RGB LED.  These values would be passed in either through USB (For the first node in the series) or by the UART Transmit Pin(from the first node) to the UART Recieve Pin(the second node).  Which ever value was recieved was display in that node's RGB LED. 

